README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> Description the project.


## Built With

- Major languages
- Frameworks
- Technologies used

## Live Demo (if available)

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

creating the first page of mobile project.

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# setup-mobile-version

> is to learn setup & mobile version skeleton.

## Built With

- html,css.
- github workflows,figma.
- linters,gitignore.

## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment

👤 **sameh tantawy**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/sameh080081)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/sameh080081)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/sameh080081)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

microverse activities is the main source.

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
